Why are you Master Wang staying safe?
I was just about to find you
I didn't expect you to deliver it to your door by yourself.
Mr. Lin, I have had some eye problems these two days.
I have an appointment with a doctor
I'm going to see the eyes now.
Excuse me.
Dare to kill my mother's subordinates
Young hero, I will never be Tarzan
Please also invite the young hero Wang Wang to be a horse
You think I'll let you go
Ah!
Ah fellow
I was wrong.
Spare my life.
You should never have done this to my mother
Life must be abolished today, you have to forgive others and forgive others
Don't lose your way
I'm from the Ghost King Sect
Kill me!
Ghost King Sect will definitely send out a clever hunt to kill you
To the ends of the earth
The same goes for mothers